>> On season two of
"Journey of Remembering."
>> He made us do this
psychological act of turning
the poison into medicine
by delivering the I cannot
and switching ourselves
into the positive to say,
I can do something.
>> This week on Gaia on
"Dragonfly enLightening Talks."
>> We need to lean on
technology to support us,
to help us bridge that gap
between our environment
and our biology.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> We found out, and we've been
warned that the Earth itself is
going through an
energetic shift,
which is going to affect
everyone on the planet.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> The body, mind, spirit
idea, we have to take care
of our bodies.
These are our vehicles
for our gifts.
And too many people miss that.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith.
>> When I am
working with spirit,
I see the soul come and slow
their energy down and reconnect
with who they were.
>> Only on Gaia.